what's going on guys on the magic here
and I have some black ops 2 quick
scoping this time using the ballista and
I'm gonna be honest guys I've not been a
big fan of this game so far like the
first few weeks it came out obvious I
was a big fan and then um I just I just
wasn't really into it at all and then I
wasn't really into call of duty in
general and then I sort of got back into
it you know i was putting tomorrow for
two i posted i get 30 and nine game
which is also a 39 so I promise like
you're better scores but I mean I hit
some really nice shots this game and
it's just the end where I kind of choked
a little bit but no big deal um but so I
came back onto black ops and I'm gonna
be honest like one of the things i hate
about this game is how I don't want say
easy but just towel I don't know the the
dsr in this game just feels really um I
don't know easy to use I guess I just I
don't feel like it actually required
just as much skill as it has in past
called dudes I would even go as far to
say that I think Martin for to typing
still took more skill than I mean I just
feel like the dish our aim assist is
just I don't know something about that
gun I'm not really a big fan of it the
ballista however is turning into one of
my favourite sniper rifles of all time
I'm really enjoying it just the way it
feels and everything so I would implore
you to try it out because I'm enjoying
it thoroughly are you had three game
plays with it and I plan to get a lot
more so hopefully hopefully that all
goes over well it's trying to satisfy
those fans that's subscribe me for free
for all sniping because I'll this is
literally like my favorite thing to do
in call of duty is to snipe in
free-for-all like I don't love to do
anything more than this um regardless uh
yeah so anyways so today a little bit
yesterday you know I almost want to say
a foot kind of naked both these days and
no i haven't been like stripping or I
didn't go like streaking or anything I
do those fridays um just kidding but no
thrilled yesterday I lost my phone left
it in my friend's car and then today I
got it back and it wasn't charged and
so I haven't had my phone all day and I
don't know about you guys but when I
don't have my phone I feel really
awkward and it's not because like I need
constant feel like checking like my
emails are tweeting or doing any of that
are playing Temple Run 2 because that
games awesome I'm imma be set that game
i might post temper into gameplay i'm
debating it um but it's just the fact
that like that feeling that you get when
you don't have your phone that no one
can really get in touch with you you
can't really get in touch with anyone
else i think it comes from when I used
to skate because back before you not get
drive or anything like that you know
it's like if you're skating you're by
yourself you're kind of on your own like
you might run out of money or you might
like you might just be on your own and
if you don't know a phone just makes
matters a lot worse and to add on to
that my parents like they're usually
their biggest form of punishment for if
I got in trouble or anything that way
back in the day was to take my phone
away it was either taking my skateboard
winner taking my phone away and they
usually sat in on taking my phone away
because they still liked me getting
exercise even though I I'm so sure that
my parents thought I did drugs and I
seriously didn't um but I mean though
it's like even this one time probably
the worst of it and this is the last
time they actually did because they
realize how stupid it was to do this
punishment um but basically what had
happened was it was Halloween night and
I was going around I think I already had
my escape were taking away in my phone
taking away don't know what I did tub
get that I must have fucked up somewhere
but so I both those taken away and I was
just hanging out friends and my dad
tells me you know before going out he's
like okay so at midnight I need you to
call me all my friends phones or
something so that I could just like
check up on your whatever and you know
you can't blame him I was like what 13
maybe at the time so it's Halloween
we're just messing around and then um
apparently there was a guy at in and out
with a knife and he was threatening
people now I wasn't that in and out but
there was a bunch of police had to come
over and like I've said in multiple
commentaries at my town you know when
there's something that goes wrong
fucking the whole entire force plus the
SWAT team plus search helicopters comes
after it so
uh yeah there was apparently a guy with
the knife at in-n-out and so my dad's
trying to get ahold of me but my
friend's phone had died and so my dad
can't get ahold me so he gets in his car
and he's like searching for me and
everything and so like I said I was even
at in and out so I didn't even know what
was happening so I like around two
thirty I get home and I just go to sleep
and I wake up the next morning and my
dad is just getting home and he has been
looking for me the entire night no one
knew I was in my house and like my dad
was just fucking furious that he can get
a hold me anything and I kind of look
dumb just like did well you took my
phone would um which at the time was not
the smartest thing sex he was fucking
pissed i need that did not make him any
less pissed but yeah that is that is my
story um tu future parents or you you
parents right now or I don't know I
don't know parents actually watch my
commentaries I'm sure there's that one
like 40 year old man that watches me and
that's awesome you should call me but
don't take phones away because they're
just that you need them and like in
today's age you need phones to basically
survive I mean next smartphone iphone 6
is gonna literally be able to like
produce food for you um so yeah anyways
hopefully you guys enjoyed the gameplay
hopefully guys enjoy the commentary
liberating if you enjoyed it because it
helps me out a lot um last video almost
got 300 likes of you up this video could
get 300 that would be be pretty cool so
if you're already if you're listening
six minutes into this video then you
know go go ahead and just maybe show
this video on facebook to our send it to
like the news team I'd like to see this
on like ABC or something that'd be
that'd be sweet anyways I'll see you
guys later